GOB FIELD LAB — COMPLETE SOURCE PACKAGE
Exported September 24, 2026
Source revision: b7d5e40a64ccdd91fd06958e5ce1eb3f067ce34f

START HERE
The active simulation, visual design, and playback controller are in
public/index.html. Its required assets are bundled in public/vendor,
public/textures, and public/audio. Keep these folders together.

The audio files are the recorded HeyGen narration used by the published site.
No HeyGen account or API key is required to play these bundled recordings.

RUN ON A COMPUTER
Unzip this folder. From the Gob-Field-Lab folder, run:
  python3 -m http.server 4173 --directory public
Then open http://localhost:4173 in a browser with WebGL support.
On Windows with the Python launcher, use py instead of python3.

HOST FOR IPHONE / IPAD
Serve the contents of public/ as the root of a static HTTPS website.
A Node.js server is not needed for production. Open the website in Safari.
This exact source package loads local asset paths and is not a single-file
HTML app. iOS Files / ChatGPT file previews are for viewing the source;
they are not the supported way to run this WebGL simulation.

YOUR EXISTING PRIVATE SITE
https://gob-field-lab-jh.snaggxn.chatgpt.site

DEVELOPMENT
See README.md for architecture, model limits, and validation details.
package.json and package-lock.json describe the optional Vite development
server. The production application uses the bundled Three.js modules.
Tests and asset-generation scripts are included. The existing app.js,
model.js, and styles.css are retained for source history and legacy tests;
the active published runtime is the inline module in public/index.html.
The narration-build helper needs HeyGen speech metadata to regenerate clips;
the completed MP3s are already included and need no regeneration.

PROVENANCE
Tracked source files are unchanged from the revision above. SHA256SUMS.txt
records their checksums. The export adds only this guide and the checksum file.
The bundled Three.js license is in public/vendor/THREE-LICENSE.txt.
